More search options (#8855)
coq/coq: doc/sphinx/proof-engine/vernacular-commands.rst

   .. seealso:: Section :ref:`performingcomputations`.

.. cmd:: Search {+ @search_query } {? {| inside | outside } {+ @qualid } }

   This command can be used to filter the goal and the global context

>    to quickly retrieve what one is looking for.  Library files that

Author: "quickly" is optimistic! There is no reason that it is always quick. It is dependent on the size of the context and on the complexity of the request.

      conjunction can be expressed by having a single disjunctive
      branch.  For a conjunction at top-level, the surrounding
      brackets are not required.

   .. insertprodn search_item search_item

   .. prodn::
      search_item ::= {? {| head | hyp | concl | headhyp | headconcl } : } @string {? % @scope_key }
      | {? {| head | hyp | concl | headhyp | headconcl } : } @one_term
      | is : @logical_kind

   Searched objects can be filtered by patterns, by the constants they
   contain (identified by their name or a notation) and by their
   names.
   The location of the pattern or constant within a term

   :n:`@one_term`
      Search for objects whose type contains a subterm matching the
      pattern :n:`@one_term`.  Holes of the pattern are indicated by
      `_` or :n:`?@ident`.  If the same :n:`?@ident` occurs more than
      once in the pattern, all occurrences in the subterm must be
      identical.  Cf. :ref:`this example <search-pattern>`.

   :n:`@string {? % @scope_key }`
      - If :n:`@string` is a substring of a valid identifier, search
        for objects whose name contains :n:`@string`.  Cf. :ref:`this
        example <search-part-ident>`.

> 

Author: Adding: and no `% @scope_key` is given??

      pattern :n:`@one_term`.  Holes of the pattern are indicated by
      `_` or :n:`?@ident`.  If the same :n:`?@ident` occurs more than
      once in the pattern, all occurrences in the subterm must be
      identical.  Cf. :ref:`this example <search-pattern>`.

   :n:`@string {? % @scope_key }`
      - If :n:`@string` is a substring of a valid identifier and no
        :n:`% @scope_key` is provided, search for objects whose name
        contains :n:`@string`.  Cf. :ref:`this example
        <search-part-ident>`.

      - If :n:`@string` is not a substring of a valid identifier or if
        the optional :n:`% @scope_key` is provided, search for objects
        whose type contains the reference that this string,
        interpreted as a notation, is attached to (as in
        :n:`@smart_qualid`).  Cf. :ref:`this example
        <search-by-notation>`.

      .. note::

         If the string is a substring of a valid identifier but you
         still want to look for a reference by notation, you can put
         it between single quotes or provide a scope explictly.
         Cf. :ref:`this example <search-disambiguate-notation>`.

   :n:`head:`

>       The provided pattern or reference is matched against the
>       subterms in head position of the type of the objects.
>       Cf. :ref:`this example <search-head-colon>`.

Author: ```suggestion
      The provided pattern or reference is matched against the prefixes of the
      applicative subterm in head position of one of the hypotheses or of 
      the conclusion of the type of the objects.
      Cf. :ref:`this example <search-head-colon>`.
```

   :n:`hyp:`
      The provided pattern or reference is matched against any subterm
      of an hypothesis of the type of the objects.  Cf. :ref:`this
      example <search-hyp>`.

   :n:`headhyp:`

>       The provided pattern or reference is matched against the
>       subterms in head position of the hypotheses of the type of the
>       objects.  Cf. :ref:`the previous example <search-hyp>`.

Author: ```suggestion
      The provided pattern or reference is matched against the prefixes of the
      applicative subterm in head position of the hypotheses of the type of the
      objects.  Cf. :ref:`the previous example <search-hyp>`.
```

   :n:`concl:`
      The provided pattern or reference is matched against any subterm
      of the conclusion of the type of the objects.  Cf. :ref:`this
      example <search-concl>`.

   :n:`headconcl:`

>       The provided pattern or reference is matched against the
>       subterms in head position of the conclusion of the type of the
>       objects.  Cf. :ref:`the previous example <search-concl>`.

Author: ```suggestion
      The provided pattern or reference is matched against the prefixes of the
      applicative subterm in head position of the conclusion of the type of the
      objects.  Cf. :ref:`the previous example <search-concl>`.
```

      There is no constant in the environment named :n:`@qualid`, where :n:`@qualid`
      is in an `inside` or `outside` clause.

   .. _search-pattern:

   .. example:: Searching for a pattern

      .. coqtop:: none reset

         Require Import PeanoNat.

      We can repeat meta-variables to narrow down the search.  Here,
      we are looking for commutativity lemmas.

      .. coqtop:: all

         Search (_ ?n ?m = _ ?m ?n).

   .. _search-part-ident:

   .. example:: Searching for part of an identifier

      .. coqtop:: all reset

         Search "_assoc".

   .. _search-by-notation:

   .. example:: Searching for a reference by notation

      .. coqtop:: all reset

>          Search "_ + _".

Author: In this case, you can use also `"+"`.

   .. _search-disambiguate-notation:

   .. example:: Disambiguating between part of identifier and notation

      .. coqtop:: none reset

         Require Import PeanoNat.

      In this example, we show two ways of searching for all the
      objects whose type contains `Nat.modulo` but which do not
      contain the substring "mod".

      .. coqtop:: all

         Search "'mod'" -"mod".
         Search "mod"%nat -"mod".

   .. _search-head-colon:

   .. example:: Search in head position

      .. coqtop:: none reset

         Require Import List.
         Import ListNotations.

      The following search query will only find objects of type list.

      .. coqtop:: all

         Lemma list_len_zero (A : Type) (l : list A) : List.length l = 0 -> l = [].
         Search head:list.

   .. _search-hyp:

   .. example:: Search in hypotheses

      The following search shows the objects whose type contains

>       `bool` in an hyptohesis as a strict subterm only:

Author: ```suggestion
      `bool` in an hypothesis as a strict subterm only:
```
